doc/thin volume (#535)
ansys/pyprimemesh: doc/source/user_guide/automesh.rst

   )
   prime.AutoMesh(model).mesh(part_id=part.id, automesh_params=automesh_params)

=========================
Thin volume mesh controls
=========================

The :class:`ThinVolumeControl <ansys.meshing.prime.ThinVolumeControl>` class creates prisms from a source face mesh projecting to a target with the specified number of layers. 

..Note::
    Thin volume controls can only be applied on the meshed surfaces.

Some guidelines for the thin volume mesh controls: 

 - Source and target face zonelets should not be the same. 

>  - The number of prism layers to be created between Source and Target must be greater than zero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The number of prism layers to be created between source and target must be greater than zero. 
```

>  - A Source face zonelet cannot be target later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A source face zonelet cannot be target later. 
```

>  - A source face zonelet cannot be target later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A source face zonelet cannot be a target face zonelet in a subsequent control. 
```

 - A source can only belong to two thin volume controls. 
 - Always choose the one with most features as the source. 

>  - Targets cannot be adjacent to regions with cells whereas Source can. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Target faces cannot be adjacent to regions with cells whereas source faces can. 
```

>  - Target faces cannot be adjacent to regions with cells whereas source faces can. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Target face zonelets cannot be adjacent to regions with cells whereas source face zonelets can. 
```

>  - Sides of the new thin volume control cannot be adjacent to region with cells. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Sides of the new thin volume control cannot be adjacent to regions with existing cells. 
```

>  - Sides of one thin volume control can only be a Source to another thin volume control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Sides of one thin volume control can only be a source to another thin volume control. 
```
